Right now, I can give her mini an A-plus and potions.
Let me just go and do that.
And then I can go and give her an A-minus in that same grade.
Well, that doesn't make any sense.
Which one is her actual grade?
Did she get an A-minus in potions or did she get an A-plus?
We will consider a duplicate grade to be one that repeats the course ID as well as the student ID.
A student cannot have more than one grade for the same course.
So to our table annotation, we're going to apply some unique constraints.
And here I can specify a set of constraints.
We're only going to have one unique constraint.
And this constraint is going to be a multi column constraint because it's going to be based on the course
ID and the student ID columns.
So here we'll say the unique constraint is based on the column names.
Student ID.
As well as course I'd.
Overall, we're imposing a constraint such that every student ID and course ID pair needs to be unique.
Please make sure these actually match your column names.
All right.
I'm going to try duplicating a grade for her money.
So first I'll give her an A minus.
And then I'll try to give her an A-plus for that same grade.
And we get back a data integrity violation exception.
This is perfect.
Okay.
Now, here's another constraint that we have to impose.
You cannot have two courses with the exact same course code.
So back to our course entity, because this constraint of ours only spans one column, we can go over
here and just say unique.
Is equal to true.
Now I'm going to try to submit a course that has the same course code as history of magic.
So I will go to create course and whatever JSON that says, I'm going to submit a course that has the
exact same code as one of our pre-existing records.
Let's try to make that request.
And once again, we get a data integrity violation exception, and that's it with all of these exceptions
that are being thrown, the exceptions from JPA, the exceptions that we are throwing ourselves, it's
time to apply some exception handling and we will do that.
And then next workbook, see you in there.